put your hands up
you fill the briefcase
[Music]
so you shot two innocent people just so
you could raise the money for your
vision of equality
i don't remember in hypnosis
you can set locks in the mind
wilson has cleverly implanted a code it
could be a sign
a memory a voice
can we find another way to break this
lock
you get to manipulate and use me if you
let me to do the same to you
[Music]
concentrate on my voice
5. are you spying on me
oh he knows i'm your wife see he's
manipulating you
three all of your failings are erased
two one
we're trying to help you
some people have a natural calling for
evil
we should break the law now
is here
[Music]
you